add location of example data (#53)
catalystneuro/vame-desktop: README.md

The executable will be added to the main applications folder on your Linux distribution.

## Example data

> The app can be run on the input data found [here](https://ethoml.github.io/VAME/docs/getting_started/running/#1-download-the-necessary-resources).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The app can be tested on the sample input data found [here](https://ethoml.github.io/VAME/docs/getting_started/running/#1-download-the-necessary-resources).
```

Reviewer: @bendichter
